another racially-charged news
attorney-general Jeff Sessions is trying
to get back on the president's good side
by directing the Justice Department to
focus on the important issue of
discrimination but against light people
for real according to New York Times the
Civil Rights Division of the Justice
Department is planning to investigate
what they call intentional race-based
discrimination in college and university
admissions which means they're taking
action against affirmative action I say
it's about time we crack down on getting
minorities into college I mean this has
been going on for too long and I'm not
alone effect here tonight with a very
important message please welcome one
time Grammy and Tony nominee the
multi-talented david alan grier David
i'm david alan grier won't you join me
in attorney general Jeff session in
helping to end years of unjust an
immoral discrimination against white
people let's look at the facts it all
started back in the 1700s when black
people took all the seats in the slave
ships for themselves leaving Rome only
for a few white people up top then we
black people have continued our
discriminatory ways we force white
people into all white and brutally
Caucasian public schools our police are
so focused on serving us they barely
even pay attention to white people and
whites are discriminated against in
major sectors of our economy from the
NBA to hip-hop to even Tyler Perry movie
it's so bad that white people had no
choice but to create their own all-white
government and they can't get a damn
thing done
[Music]
it's time for a change it's time to give
white people a chance call Washington
Denzel Washington
tell him it's time to end the
discrimination that has kept our white
brothers and sisters down for so long
let's make it right let's make it white
Wow I am Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click Subscribe
this invisible hamster will die